c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\CSharp\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\bin\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.exe
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\CSharp\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\bin\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.deps.json
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\CSharp\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\bin\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\CSharp\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\bin\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.dll
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\CSharp\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\bin\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.pdb
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\CSharp\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\obj\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\CSharp\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\obj\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\CSharp\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\obj\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\CSharp\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\obj\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\CSharp\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\obj\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\CSharp\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\obj\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.dll
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\CSharp\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\QuintaAtividade.dll
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\CSharp\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\obj\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.pdb
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\CSharp\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\obj\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\CSharp\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\QuintaAtividade.dll
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\ALP\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\bin\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.exe
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\ALP\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\bin\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.deps.json
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\ALP\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\bin\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\ALP\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\bin\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.dll
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\ALP\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\bin\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.pdb
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\ALP\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\obj\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\ALP\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\obj\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\ALP\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\obj\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\ALP\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\obj\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\ALP\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\obj\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\ALP\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\obj\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.dll
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\ALP\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\QuintaAtividade.dll
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\ALP\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\obj\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.pdb
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\ALP\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\obj\Debug\net7.0\QuintaAtividade.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\ninha\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\Meus projetos\ALP\atividades-disciplina-ALP\QuintaAtividade\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\QuintaAtividade.dll
